subdomain need to be managed at the Cpanel level, not WHM. redirects process as followsL

Cpanel: 
1. create the subdoamin
  subdomain: example
  Domain: meridianlearning.info
  Document root: /public_html
  
2. Create

3. Add Redirect
  Type: Permanent (301)
  Select the domain that was setup prior
  /: public_html
  redirects to: http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com

~~3. Edit the Manage redirect~~
 ~~ apply new URL https://affinity.felslearningpartner.com~~
  
~~Edit .htaccess (public_html)~~
      ~~RewriteEngine on~~
     ~~ RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^example.com [NC,OR]~~
      ~~RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^www.example.com [NC]~~
      ~~RewriteRule ^(.*)$ http://example.net/$1 [L,R=301,NC]~~
      ~~You will only paste the code in .htaccess and change the example.com(windsorsenioru.merdianlearning.info) to example.net(affinity.felslearningpartner.com)~~
      ~~you could use this link for reference:~~
      ~~https://linchpinseo.com/htaccess-rules/~~


Previous.htaccess
RewriteOptions inherit

Current.htaccess
RewriteEngine on
RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^belinda.merdianlearning.info [NC,OR]
RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^belinda.merdianlearning.info [NC]
RewriteRule ^(.*)$ http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com/$1 [L,R=301,NC]


DNS Record Redirects:
Subdomains	Document Root	Redirection	Actions
*.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	not redirected	
ahoskieu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com/	
alamanceu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
ashegardensu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
autumnu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
belinda.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com/	
bryson.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
canterburyu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
carteretu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
caswellu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
cedaru.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
chathamu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
cherryspringsu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
cherryvilleu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
claytonu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
clevelandu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
countryu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
covingtonu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
cranberryu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
curritucku.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
danbyu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
eagles.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
easttowneu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
edentonu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
elmsu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
franklinu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
gardensu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
gateshouse.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
goldsborou.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
greensborou.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
guilfordu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
hamletu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
hamptonu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
hayesvilleu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
haywoodu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
heritageu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
hermitagehouseu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
hermitageu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
holdenu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
invernessu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
kingsbridgeu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
landing.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
lawyersu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
lelandu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
lovingu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
magnoliacreeku.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
magnoliau.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
mcelveenu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
meadowsu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
mitchellu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
mocksvillesenioru.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
mocksvilleu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
mountu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
newbernu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
newhanoveru.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
northlakeu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
oakviewu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
oliveru.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
onslowu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
parcatsharonu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
parsonsu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
protocolsuniversity.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
queencityu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
richsquarevillau.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
rockymountu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
roseborou.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
roseglenu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
rosehillu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
rosetarau.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
sandhillsu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
scotland.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
sentersu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
shelby.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
springscatawbau.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
springsu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
stratfordu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
taylorsvilleu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
tyrrellu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
universityu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
wadesborou.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
wellingtonu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
williamstonu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
willowridgeu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
wilsonu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
windsorsenioru.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
windsoru.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
woodhavenu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
yanceyu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	
zebulonu.meridianlearning.info	 /public_html	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com

*.affinitylearning.info	 /public_html 	not redirected	 
citrus.affinitylearning.info	 /public_html 	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	 
columbus.affinitylearning.info	 /public_html 	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	 
delaney.affinitylearning.info	 /public_html 	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	 
douglas.affinitylearning.info	 /public_html 	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	 
earle.affinitylearning.info	 /public_html 	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	 
gainesville.affinitylearning.info	 /public_html 	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	 
goldenpond.affinitylearning.info	 /public_html 	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	 
opelika.affinitylearning.info	 /public_html 	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	 
orchard.affinitylearning.info	 /public_html 	http://affinity.felslearningpartner.com	

Previous LMS Subdomain Shifts
ahoskieux	106	12%	http://ahoskieux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
alamanceux	221	46%	http://alamanceux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
ashegardensux	104	32%	http://ashegardensux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
autumnux	101	29%	http://autumnux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
belindax	1	75%	http://belindax.meridianlearning.info/		Edit | DELETE
brysonx	51	57%	http://brysonx.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
canterburyux	67	15%	http://canterburyux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
carteretux	64	39%	http://carteretux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
caswellux	133	53%	http://caswellux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
cedarux	49	64%	http://cedarux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
chathamux	133	42%	http://chathamux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
cherryspringsux	47	30%	http://cherryspringsux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
cherryvilleux	80	48%	http://cherryvilleux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
claytonux	103	47%	http://claytonux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
clevelandux	159	51%	http://clevelandux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
countryux	73	42%	http://countryux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
covingtonux	172	71%	http://covingtonux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
cranberryux	92	84%	http://cranberryux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
currituckux	146	76%	http://currituckux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
danbyux	257	42%	http://danbyux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
eaglesx	92	22%	http://eaglesx.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
easttowneux	155	37%	http://easttowneux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
edentonux	51	21%	http://edentonux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
elmsux	12	0%	http://elmsux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
franklinux	74	19%	http://franklinux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
gardensux	110	58%	http://gardensux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
gateshousex	116	51%	http://gateshousex.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
goldsboroux	36	4%	http://goldsboroux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
greensboroux	163	66%	http://greensboroux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
guilfordux	164	60%	http://guilfordux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
hamletux	58	11%	http://hamletux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
hamptonux	133	20%	http://hamptonux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
hayesvilleux	72	36%	http://hayesvilleux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
haywoodux	167	32%	http://haywoodux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
heritageux	130	45%	http://heritageux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
hermitagehouseux	125	37%	http://hermitagehouseux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
hermitageux	110	43%	http://hermitageux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
holdenux	100	94%	http://holdenux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
invernessux	45	0%	http://invernessux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
kingsbridgeux	82	40%	http://kingsbridgeux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
ladysx	4	50%	http://ladysx.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
landingx	45	40%	http://landingx.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
lawyersux	129	55%	http://lawyersux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
lelandux	144	73%	http://lelandux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
lovingux	25	0%	http://lovingux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
magnoliacreekux	157	78%	http://magnoliacreekux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
magnoliaux	166	65%	http://magnoliaux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
mcelveenux	69	8%	http://mcelveenux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
meadowsux	108	33%	http://meadowsux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
mitchellux	138	73%	http://mitchellux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
mocksvilleseniorux	85	42%	http://mocksvilleseniorux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
mocksvilleux	53	31%	http://mocksvilleux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
mountux	62	48%	http://mountux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
newbernux	110	87%	http://newbernux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
newhanoverux	90	30%	http://newhanoverux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
northlakeux	165	35%	http://northlakeux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
oakviewux	98	77%	http://oakviewux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
oliverux	160	36%	http://oliverux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
onslowux	135	43%	http://onslowux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
parcatsharonux	87	25%	http://parcatsharonux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
parsonsux	78	75%	http://parsonsux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
protocolsuniversityx	62	50%	http://protocolsuniversityx.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
queencityux	126	36%	http://queencityux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
richsquarevillaux	80	27%	http://richsquarevillaux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
rockymountux	87	40%	http://rockymountux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
rod	2	69%	http://rod.meridianlearning.info/		Edit | DELETE
roseboroux	48	44%	http://roseboroux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
roseglenux	89	64%	http://roseglenux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
rosehillux	69	39%	http://rosehillux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
rosetaraux	125	27%	http://rosetaraux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
sandhillsux	78	55%	http://sandhillsux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
scotlandx	64	76%	http://scotlandx.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
sentersux	90	32%	http://sentersux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
shelbyx	56	16%	http://shelbyx.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
springscatawbaux	151	32%	http://springscatawbaux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
springsux	37	44%	http://springsux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
stratfordux	114	63%	http://stratfordux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
taylorsvilleux	167	9%	http://taylorsvilleux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
tyrrellux	154	79%	http://tyrrellux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
universityux	85	67%	http://universityux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
wadesboroux	83	45%	http://wadesboroux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
wellingtonux	182	31%	http://wellingtonux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
williamstonux	104	52%	http://williamstonux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
willowridgeux	54	82%	http://willowridgeux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
wilsonux	123	46%	http://wilsonux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
windsorseniorux	54	0%	http://windsorseniorux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
windsorux	93	9%	http://windsorux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
woodhavenux	142	56%	http://woodhavenux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
yanceyux	119	75%	http://yanceyux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
zebulonux	118	54%	http://zebulonux.meridianlearning.info/	Y	Edit | DELETE
